[narrator]
In the previous episode,
emotions ran wild
in the match
as Nankatsu and Shutetsu
faced off.
Nankatsu showed
great potential on offense
while they were
down one goal.
Thanks to Ryo's
great determination,
Tsubasa made
a magnificent
overhead kick goal
to tie the match.
Defeated and depressed,
Genzo didn't want to
continue playing.
But his mentor helped
straighten him out
and he decides to
help out his team.
And who are you?
My name's Taro Misaki.
And I'd love to play
in your team.
[narrator] Given Ryo's
recent injury,
Taro comes in the match
as his sub.
He and Tsubasa manage
a splendid combination.
However,
the new dynamic duo
wasn't enough to stop
the incredible shot
from Shutetsu's
genius goalie.
With his head up high,
Genzo won't give up.
He's looking for
a second goal.
Tsubasa won't let
that happen easily.
Can Tsubasa,
Taro and the others
tie or even win
this uphill battle
with no minutes to spare?
[narrator] Episode 9:
Debonair End of Act.
[commentator] There's
so little left on the clock
for the match
to be finally over.
Shutetsu is in the lead
by one goal.
Nankatsu can only hope
to tie the match.
We can do it.
Let's score!
-Yeah!
Very nice.
Now we can tie this game up.
[Taro] Yeah, the match is
far from being over.
[growl]
Genzo, don't get cocky
and you'll do fine.
[whistle]
[commentator] And so
the second half continues.
- Due to regulations,
-We can do this, guys!
there can't be
any more overtime.
With four minutes
on the clock,
Nankatsu has to score
one goal to tie
or two goals
to win the match.
You're wasting your time.
You have no hope of winning.
You'll see! Tsubasa will
beat the lot of you!
Tsubasa!
Do it, son!
Score again!
Here, Taro!
[commentator]
These two players
have become Nankatsu's
dangerous duo.
Can they make
a miracle happen?
Shimada, you cover Tsubasa.
Nakamoto, you go for Taro!
Do it now!
-Yes!
Got him!
[gasps]
[commentator]
Incredible!
Tsubasa kicks a long pass
before getting intercepted.
I got it!
Here!
[grunts]
[commentator]
Nankatsu High
is going forward with
short precise passes.
You guys are doing
a great job! Keep at it!
[commentator]
Kenichi Iwami
gets closer to the goal.
[Genzo]
It doesn't matter.
The only ones
that can shoot
are Tsubasa and Taro.
[commentator]
Tsubasa and Taro
run towards
the penalty area.
[Genzo]
I knew they would.
[commentator] Shutetsu's
defenders go after the ball!
[grunting]
It's a cross!
[commentator]
Kenichi sends the pass,
but who will
get to the ball?
Will it be Tsubasa
or will it be Taro?
-[pants]
-[growl]
[gasps]
[commentator] And Genzo
intercepts the ball
with a huge jump!
[cheers]
Excellent tackle, Genzo.
This should be the last
nail in the coffin.
[commentator]
What a great save
- by the star goalkeeper.
-You got this, guys!
Everyone, head back!
[commentator]
All of Nankatsu
heads back to defend.
[Teppei]
No, it can't be.
The match is nearly over
and their team doesn't have
the least bit of fatigue.
Where are they getting
this energy from?
Be careful!
I'm sure they're going to
use the Bird's cage!
-Huh? Not again!
-Huh?
That strategy's for
beginner's only.
Let's make another goal.
We're going to win this.
You can do it!
Show them the real power
of Shutetsu!
Teppei!
[commentator]
Now the ball's
in the forward
Teppei's hands.
Shutetsu is determined
to score another goal.
-We won't let you do that.
-[panting]
[grunting]
[commentator] Wow!
Instead of shooting,
he chose to pass
the ball to Mamoru!
- Mamoru winds up and he...
-[grunt]
[commentator] The goalkeeper
can't keep up.
-[grunt]
-Taro!
[commentator]
And an incredible save
from Nankatsu's Taro!
You're incredible, Taro!
Taro you're nothing
but a nuisance.
There's still four minutes
left on the clock.
Head back to defend!
[commentator] Taro blows
past Shutetsu's defenders
with the same ease
and technique as Tsubasa.
[Taro]
We can score.
I won't let you shoot.
[grunt]
[commentator]
Taro jumps to avoid
the sliding tackle.
Nankatsu is determined
on winning this.
He ran past them without
breaking a sweat.
I don't know anyone
that can run like that.
[cheering]
My son Taro.
I've never seen him
play like that.
[commentator] There's
less than three minutes.
And Nankatsu won't waste
this golden opportunity.
-[panting]
-[panting] [grunt]
[commentator] Taro manages
to shake another defender.
But wait, Tsubasa heads
over to the penalty area
from the opposite wing
of the court.
I'm ready.
-Keep going!
-You can do it!
Genzo, this will be
the final test.
Tsubasa, Taro,
you gotta score on them!
[commentator] The star
goalkeeper Genzo
is waiting for Nankatsu's
dynamic duo.
Who will attempt
the last goal?
Tsubasa? Or Taro?
-You won't get through us.
-[yelling]
[commentator]
The Shutetsu defense
- heads toward Taro!
-Tsubasa!
And Taro kicks
a crossing pass
into the penalty area
to Tsubasa!
This will be just between
you and me Tsubasa!
-[grunt]
-Impossible!
[commentator]
Incredible.
Tsubasa doesn't shoot,
he passes.
It goes straight to Taro,
who dives head first for it!
[growl]
I won't let you score!
[commentator] Genzo goes
after the ball!
[grunt]
[yell]
[commentator] But wait, Taro
makes another head pass.
[grunt]
[panting]
[grunting]
[commentator]
And there it is!
- Goal!
-Aww!
-[cheers]
-[commentator] What a goal!
Nankatsu High manages to
score at the last moment.
Yeah, goal!!
[laughs]
That's right!
Great goal, Tsubasa.
[chuckle] It was all thanks
to your excellent pass.
[commentator]
What a game changer.
Tsubasa and Taro truly
made a miracle reality.
-Yeah!
-You're awesome Tsubasa!!
That's my son!
Excellent job!
Great job, my love.
Finally, we really did it,
Coach!
You did.
-[laughs]
-You were amazing!
-Incredible!
-Beautiful goal!
Great job, team!
Very well done!
Well done, son.
[sobs]
[Mr. Mikami]
You did well, kid.
Defending that goal
was impossible.
Captain... Uh...
We're sorry, Captain.
We're so sorry for not
covering them well, Captain.
What are you talking about?
-Huh?
It's not like this game
is over yet, guys.
We can still win this.
-Ah!
-Yeah!
We still have time
to score on them.
Let's go for a goal.
-Yeah!
[commentator] This match is
not for the faint of heart.
No one knows
what'll happen now.
There's two minutes left.
[Mamoru]
We'll score this time...
for the Captain.
[whistle]
[grunt]
Let's go, team!
-Yeah!
[commentator] You won't want
to miss this match's ending.
Shutetsu initiates
their attack.
But they lose the ball.
And now Teppei gets it back!
These last few minutes
have been
a constant back and forth
between the two teams.
The players are exhausted,
but they keep giving it
their 100%.
There is less than
a minute on the clock.
And due to regulations,
there will be
no more overtime.
[cheers]
Let's win, Shutetsu!
[commentator] And now,
Teppei receives the ball.
But two defenders
are blocking him
from getting to the goal.
[grunting]
[commentator]
He gets a chance to kick,
but it lands in
the goalkeeper's knuckles.
-[grunt]
-[commentator] Tsubasa kicks
the ball off
the penalty area.
Attack, Shingo.
Go get the ball from him.
[grunting]
[commentator] A sliding
tackle from Shingo!
[Akiyoshi]
Great, now's our chance.
[gasp]
[commentator]
Taro quickly recovers
the ball for his team.
However, there isn't
enough time on the clock.
It's yours, Tsubasa!
I won't let you down!
[commentator] The ref is
checking his watch.
I'll take care
of him myself.
-Step aside!
-Huh?
[commentator]
Tsubasa and Genzo
both go directly
towards the ball.
You can do it!
[gasps]
Captain!
[yelling]
[commentator]
Tsubasa and Genzo
jump at the exact same time.
This is the last play
of the game!
[grunt]
[growling]
-Ah!
[gasp]
[grunt]
[commentator]
Goal post.
It hit the goal post
and went out of bounds.
[whistle]
[commentator]
It's all over.
The ref blows the whistle
signaling the end
of the match.
- The final score is 2 to 2.
-[panting]
Even with the overwhelming
action in overtime,
no team was able to
close out the match.
Both teams have two goals
in their favor.
This is the second time
in 26 tournaments
between schools
that a match ends
with an incredible tie.
Huh?
[chuckle]
You played really well,
Tsubasa.
Thank you.
So did you.
Tsubasa...
Good job, Genzo.
Oh, it's finally over.
Ouch my back.
I've never played
such an intense game
like this one
my whole life.
Neither have I.
It all hurts.
It feels like my lungs are
ripping out of my chest.
Hey, great game.
-Huh?
I never thought you guys
could actually
play like that.
I gotta admit,
you improved a lot.
-Huh?
-[cheers]
You all played
incredibly well!
-Huh?
Nankatsu and Shutetsu
are the best!
You gave us
an amazing match.
You guys aren't mediocre.
Everyone in the city
is proud of you!
[cheering]
[laughs]
Hey, Tsubasa...
Huh?
You guys gave us
an incredible game.
Thank you.
[cheering]
Ah!
Thank you so much
for cheering us on!
What?
[cheering]
Oh, Tsubasa.
[sobbing]
-Hey, don't cry.
-[chuckles]
-Tsubasa.
-Huh?
That was an excellent match.
Thank you!
[Roberto] Although it's just
the beginning.
Your career
as a soccer player...
has just begun its journey.
[narrator]
We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[narrator]
And we're back!
[hums]
Huh?
Hi, good morning, Roberto.
Good morning, Ma'am.
Hey, um, where is Tsubasa?
Well, take a wild guess.
He's outside playing
in the court.
He just finished
a match
yet he's still
playing soccer.
That kid does not get tired.
[chuckles]
[grunting]
-Take it away from me.
-Oh yeah?
I'll show you.
[laugh]
The two of them never stop,
do they?
And here I am exhausted
from the match
we recently played.
I feel like we just played
this morning.
I wonder who's better
between them.
I don't know.
They're both
good at dribbling...
but I think Tsubasa
is better at shooting.
Yeah, I think you're right.
And...now for Taro's
surprise kick.
[grunt]
-Whoa!
What were you saying,
Kenichi?
[laughs]
That doesn't really matter.
If we have the two of them,
we'll be able to play
in the national tournament.
Yeah, if we beat Shutetsu
in the single
elimination phase,
we'll go to
the national tournament.
[Ryo] I don't think
you'll be able to.
-Huh?
[Tsuyoshi]
Hi, Ryo!
Hey there.
Why did you say that, Ryo?
-Hey, looks like
-Yeah,
-Ryo came back.
-what's wrong with you?
Why're you
underestimating us?
Calm down.
I meant to say that
we won't all go to
the national tournament.
The city of Nankatsu
will make a new soccer team.
The best local players will
be chosen to play together.
The best players you say?
What's all this?
Hey there, Tsubasa.
Before,
in the elimination phase,
the matches were between
all of the schools
of the city.
But this year, they've
set up a different system.
All of the best players
from all the schools
will be in a single
Nankatsu team.
It was made this way
so we can be up to par
with the other
districts' teams,
you know,
the ones taking part
in the national tournament.
So then,
there'll be a new team
that combines all of
Nankatsu's schools?
That's right.
If you want to go to
the national tournament,
you'll have to be chosen to
play for the new city team.
The tryouts are very soon,
so be ready.
How soon is that?
That's great.
I'll try my hardest to go
to the national tournament.
Be realistic, Manabu.
You couldn't even make it
to the bench of the team.
Of course I can, you dummy.
We tied with Shutetsu.
Nothing is impossible.
Yeah, all we need to do
is practice some more.
That's exactly it.
If we work our hardest,
we'll be sure to make
the tryouts.
-Yeah!
[laughs]
Who would've guessed it?
Their last match gave them
confidence in themselves.
And me too.
Roberto, tell me.
What do you plan to do now?
Well, to be honest,
I thought about going back
to Brazil.
I understand.
Although I was
hoping that...
Oh no, Captain,
you don't have to
worry about it.
I assure you,
it won't happen again.
What are you talking about?
Well...
you'll see, Mrs. Ozora.
I'm talking about how
the Captain and I first met.
[Roberto]
That day, I was...
severely depressed.
I couldn't swallow
the horrible news
about my eyesight problem.
So I decided to drown
my sorrows away.
I went as far as to think
my life had no meaning.
But at that moment...
Aagh!
Captain, look, I think
someone jumped in the water.
What'd you say?
That can't be.
We have to save him!
[Roberto]
Captain Ozora saved my life.
Shortly afterwards,
he recommended I come here
to see the best
ophthalmologist and well...
in the end, it didn't really
help my situation.
I could never imagine
that not being able to play
could drive someone
to that extreme.
Tsubasa lives for soccer
just like I do.
-Hmm...
Your family has been
so good to me, Captain,
that I feel bad
saying this, but...
I'd like to ask for
a special favor.
A special favor?
[grunt]
Excellent work, Genzo.
We're done for today.
Mr. Mikami...
I'm not tired yet.
I'm sure that Tsubasa
and the rest
are training right now
at this moment.
Your body is still
recovering
from the match
against Nankatsu.
I don't want you
getting hurt.
I understand.
Master Genzo.
There's mail
waiting for you.
It's your magazine.
Huh?!
What's wrong, my child?
Find an interesting article
on the front page?
I'm very sorry.
I'll be back.
I have to go.
[chatter]
[Ryo]
Aw, damn it!
[growl] I want to be
out there playing.
Why don't you heal already?
[scream]
My poor foot.
[wincing]
Oh!
[pants]
[Ryo]
Oh, hi there, Genzo.
I'm guessing you already
know about the new team
for the national team.
Maybe we'll be playing
together, you and I.
The tie breaker
will have to wait.
That doesn't matter
right now!
Roberto Hongo, where is he?
What's got you
so jumpy, huh?
Roberto didn't come today.
Is something wrong?
Then that means, you guys
haven't found out, have you?
-Huh?
-Found out about what?
-[growl]
What do you mean?
You have to know.
[growl]
Roberto Hongo...
won't play soccer for
the rest of his life.
Huh? Roberto?
Right there, read that.
[gasps]
What'd you say?
-But why would he do that?
Retinal detachment is why.
-Huh?
-That doesn't make sense.
He plays with us
all the time.
Don't compare
a professional match
with elementary kids
playing soccer.
[Genzo] A professional
player can't play
if they're not in
optimal conditions
much less be
the team captain.
This can't be.
-Uh...
-Where are you going?
[pants] I have to go talk
to Roberto.
-Ah...
Uh...
All right,
we'll go see him too.
Why is he retiring?
[Roberto] Remember this,
you should all be friends.
He won't ever play again.
-Huh?
-What?!
You're joking right?
Please, Captain.
And ma'am...
I promise you...
that I'll make your son...
Tsubasa,
into the best soccer player
the world has ever seen.
Please let me.
-Roberto!
-I'm begging you.
Allow me to take your son
to Brazil.
Huh?!
Oh!
Tsubasa.
Roberto...
Tell me one thing.
Is it true you won't ever
play soccer again?
That's right, kid.
So that means
your eye problem is real?
It is.
And unfortunately...
I'll never be able to
play soccer again.
Oh...
Roberto...
Brazil is a country
full of soccer, isn't it?
[gasps]
That's right.
Everybody in Brazil
lives and breathes soccer.
It's a big part of
our everyday lives.
So then...
I want to go to Brazil
with you!
Oh!
Tsubasa, but...
In that case,
we should take advantage
of the time you're here
with us.
-Ah!
Yes, that's true.
Well, we'll just have to
train harder
than ever before.
We'll train so that
we can be with you
in the national tournament.
-Of course we will!
Hm...
[narrator] And so, the day
to tryout for the team
that will represent
Nankatsu city
in the national
tournament finally arrived.
All of the schools'
teams in the city
are here to demonstrate
their worth.
The trainer Shiroyama
and the judges
will take five minutes
to evaluate each
individual player.
[grunt]
-[narrator] Genzo, and each
-Taki!
- and every player in town...
-Not yet!
want to show off their
abilities in the field
to be a part of
the newly founded team.
The way the tryouts
are going,
I have a feeling the team
will have a lot of kids
from Shutetsu.
[Shiroyama] It's still
too early to tell.
-Huh?
-There's many more players
to evaluate.
I know we'll find talent
that's up to par
to Shutetsu.
[grunting]
Tsubasa!
Ah!
[grunt]
He made that shot
in mid-air!
That kid has
an incredible shot.
Ugh! It had to be Tsubasa.
That was excellent.
I think I just found
our main striker
for the team.
It's him!
Roberto!
We'll win
the national tournament,
and then we're going to
go to Brazil.
Tsubasa...
Hello, everyone.
I want to thank you
for participating
in the tryouts.
Our judges were
very impressed
by your outstanding
performance.
Shut up already.
Tell us who was chosen to
be in the new team please!
-Tell us already!
Oh I will.
You don't have to be mean.
[narrator] And so
the results were in.
From Shutetsu,
you've got Genzo, Teppei,
Mamoru, Shingo and Taki.
Hanji from Nishigaoka,
Takeshi from Yamabuki.
And from Nankatsu school,
you've got Tsubasa, Taro,
and yes,
Ryo is there too.
-[laughs]
-I really made it.
Tsubasa, it'll be an honor
to play alongside you
in the same team.
It'll be incredible.
Yeah.
50, 51, 52, 53...
We have to let Tsubasa
go to Brazil.
[gasps]
My love, he really
wants to go over there.
It'll be what's best
for him.
Please don't stress over it.
We knew that this was
Tsubasa's dream
for a while now.
Yeah, you're right.
If he goes to Brazil,
he'll surely learn a lot.
More than in Japan,
where he has less options.
Yeah.
You'll be a professional,
Tsubasa.
99, 100.
There, Roberto,
I can do 100.
Very well.
Now do it 200 times.
And use your head
while you're at it.
Yeah.
One, two, three,
four, five, six,
seven, eight, nine.
Hmm...